Huarong shares have risen by 3 yuan
The takeoff of 4 yuan has gone up by 8 yuan
What takeoff is still rising?
10 yuan, what is the increase now?
Now up 13%
It's going up.
As expected of the emperor
Which one to buy will go up.
That's amazing.
It is. It is.
The king will have the opportunity to make us rich in the future
OK, OK. OK.
Boy, why don't you take care of your prophecy?
Then basically call for help
Maybe my mood can make you sad
So that you won't lose so badly
Hahaha, you're not sick?
It's still early
It's ready to go.
Look, I'm about to ask you something soon
What else do you have?
I can't say that.
It went up. It went up.
The moon is rising
The original stock has gone up